Performance & Optimization Doc Improvements (#37)
MicrosoftDocs/mesh-docs: mesh/develop/debug-and-optimize-performance/playmode.md

build and upload process each time you make an iteration.

 > [!IMPORTANT]

>  > If you want to profiler your scene with the [Performance Profiler](../debug-and-optimize-performance/performance-guidelines.md#performance-profiler),m ake sure the **Initial Screen Count** setting is zero. If it's one or higher, you won't be able to toggle on the Performance Profiler when playing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > If you want to profile your scene with the [Performance Profiler](../debug-and-optimize-performance/performance-guidelines.md#performance-profiler),make sure the **Initial Screen Count** setting is zero. If it's one or higher, you won't be able to toggle the Performance Profiler on when playing.
```
